Below we have done Oprah, this customer base.
Now look at this eBay.
Here we are having awkwardly between first name and last name column and we are reading multiple records.
And that's why we have written diverse list, top student basically list double what A.D. class?
No, I was putting what application is already running, so let's jump to Bozeman and call this EPA
OK?
In the response, we got boost, one didn't say, OK, that's fine, let's come down at the bottom.
See here.
We don't help page object.
OK, that means for this custom EPA, we don't help business in place.
OK, so this is the behavior being that addressed what our customer base.
It is not providing the Beijing isn't by default.
OK, now let's call this EPA OK, this we have already seen right in one of the previous lectures that
we are getting the story and it is OK.
Depending on the bid size, come down.
See here.
We hope Beijing isn't in place.
OK.
And this EPA is being automatically provided by spring guitarist.
So for this, EPA's spring guitarist is providing the Beijing isn't, but for our customer base, it
is not providing.
So let's say we want to how that what our customer base.
So that's what we are going to do in this lecture.
OK?
We want to show business and for our customer base, whatever we how we'll get inside this repository
or any other repository.
Obviously for this EPA, right, we don't need business, and because we are just returning one record.
And that's why we have a return type as object of our entity, Glass.
So here it's been.
But let's say for this EPA, we want to help business.
And so let's go for it.
Stop this particular replication.
And here in this matter, we need to add one more method parameter, OK?
That is what biddable interface.
See, this is from spring data domain.
OK.
Don't make a mistake while importing.
So this we need to do OK.
Provide the instance of this one biddable.
Now we need to change the return playbook instead of list of our individuals.
We need to have done a big job over individuals.
This is an interface provided by spring data.
See this one.
Now we are all set.
So let's run, I was putting what replication and jump to Bozeman?
This is our be right.
Let's call it.
We got the response come down at the bottom.
See, now we have support of business and for our customers being.
See, other things will remain theme, OK?
So, for example, buzzing the bid number in the query parameter zero one two.
So this will remain theme and this we have already seen in the previous lectures, right?
So I am not repeating it or here.
So let me read more this.
OK, now we are good quality again.
Now let's try to have them.
So I think my first name?
OK.
So for example, for our custom API, we want to start by which build first name.
So provided.
OK.
Say, for example, ascending again, ascending Derrickson.
My bed.
OK, this is another query, parameters and person, not description.
Yes.
See now the records are God sorted by first name will support our custom base, so our thing is provided
OK, but we need to have the business and that configuration.
We need to do manually how using this possible interface and we need to have the written type as bid
interface and then type up our entity glass.
This one like this.
So this is how you can help business and for the customer base while working with spring guitarist.
That's all for now.
And we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.